NXLOG PUBLIC LICENSE v1.0

1. DEFINITIONS
“License” shall mean version 1.0 of the NXLOG PUBLIC LICENSE, i.e. the
terms and conditions set forth in this document; 
“Software” shall mean the source code and object code form, all associated
media, printed materials, and "online" or electronic documentation. All
such software and materials are referred to herein as the "Software" and
are copyrighted by Licensor;
“Licensor” refers to the copyright holder of the Software, i.e. NXLog Ltd.

2. GRANT OF LICENSE
Licensor hereby grants you the following rights, provided that you comply
with all of the restrictions set forth in this License and provided,
further, that you distribute an unmodified copy of this License with the
Software:
i. You may copy and distribute verbatim (i.e. unmodified) copies of the
Software as you receive it, in any medium;
ii. You may modify the Software, create works based on the Software and
distribute copies of such, in any medium.

By downloading, using, modifying and copying the Software (or any work
based on the Software), you indicate your acceptance of this license to
do so, and all its terms and conditions for using, copying, distributing
and modifying the Software or works based on it. Nothing other than this
license grants you permission to modify, distribute the program or its
derivative works. If you do not accept these terms and conditions, do not
use, modify or distribute the Software.

3. RESTRICTIONS ON COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND USE
The Software may be copied and distributed with or without modifications
in source code and object code form and may be used for commercial and
non-commercial purposes provided that the following restrictions are met:
i. Distribution of the Software is prohibited if any payment is made in
connection with such distribution. You may only charge a reasonable fee
to cover the costs of copying and redistribution;
ii. Bundling the Software with a commercial product or using it to
provide commercial services is prohibited if your product or service
explicitly depends on the Software to be able to operate or function.
You may use the Software without modifications to provide commercial
services or to bundle it with your product provided that your service or
product can also operate or function without the Software.
A commercial license is available if you wish to incorporate the Software
into your product or service which explicitly depends on the Software to
be able to operate or function.
